"School Festival"
Okay, over here!
"Okonomiyaki"      "Candy Apples"
Sure thing! Hold it steady, okay?
--Seriously?
--Is this how many we have?!
Wow!
Senpai! Senpai!
I know you're all alone.
I'll make the rounds with you!
Man, the things I gotta do!
I'm not going to the school festival.
What?!
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 3: Does Uzaki-chan
Want to Go to the School Festival?"
What's wrong? It's the rare college event!
Do introverts seriously hate festivals?!
Who are you calling an introvert?
It's not that I hate festivals,
it's just...
Look, hear me out.
No, don't bother. You're just going to
hole up at home, playing video games.
Good call!
They released way
too many games last month.
Sometimes I think you're a
very special type of idiot, Senpai.
Aw, man! Still buying all
the new time-sink titles, huh?
Which is why I'm taking 3 days off:
the festival and the day after.
I'll take the opportunity
to make some real progress.
And yet somehow you
deny being an introvert.
Besides, school festivals...
I don't hate them, but I have
no reason and no obligation to go.
"Obligation"?
None of my friends have
exhibits or booths this year,
and I'm not really into the pop idol
or comedy performances.
I figure I'm better off at home,
immersing myself in my hobby.
You're calculating the losses
and gains for a school festival--
you haven't noticed?
Noticed what?
This is hopeless.
When he decides something,
he goes through with it.
So many snap decisions--and all terrible!
Playing games takes precedence
over the school festival.
And he's in college!
He's almost a total failure!
Well, if he's not coming,
maybe I should take time off, too.
Okay--
can I come to your place
on the festival days, then?
I'll cook for you.
Really?
They never change, do they?
Hey. Got a second?
Hey! You look tired.
Hiya.
What are you two doing about the festival?
Not going.
It's a surprise three-day break!
I figured as much.
Oh.
I'm actually helping out with
the organizing committee this year.
You are?
No kidding! Is it hard work?
It's a real pain, as it turns out.
Takes up a lot of my time.
That's because you're such a people
person. You can't say no, am I right?
You got it.
Which is why I have to
get you two involved, at least.
Huh?
Oh, something a
committee-member friend asked me.
"What should we do
to increase attendance?"
They decided to go with my idea,
but now I'm stuck helping out because
I'm the one who suggested it.
What was your idea?
This right here.
"Vendor Stamp Rally"
"Collect stamps at booths
for a chance to win great prizes!" "*500 yen = 1 stamp"
A stamp rally?
Yep. You get a stamp for every
500 yen spent at a given booth.
Each stamp gets you
one entry in the lottery we'll hold
on day 2 of the festival.
If your ticket's chosen,
you win a fabulous prize.
A lottery, eh?
"Fabulous"--sure you can aim that high?
Ah, less interested now
that you've dismissed them
as school-festival-grade prizes?
I'll just clue you in on the prizes
we'll be announcing tomorrow.
Let's see here...
A DC6-Pro?!
The console of my dreams! Gimme!
You've got some pricey prizes in here.
It was a real mess, let me tell you.
I wound up supervising
the entire stamp rally.
I'm keeping my mouth shut from now on.
Wanna go after all?
Where'd that come from?
I mean, you want that prize, right?
There's no telling if we'll win, but the
more people, the better our chances.
Are you sure?
Didn't you want to hole up at home?
It's fine. Now I've got
a reason and an obligation.
We'll load up on those stamps.
Yeah! We can hang out
at the school festival!
Good! I'm glad you've decided to go.
Now for a word of advice:
The most efficient stamp-gathering
starts at the most expensive booths.
I recommend the occult club.
Not only are their fortunes priced high,
word is they're authentic
and pretty accurate.
Well, I'm gonna be on my way.
Right. See you.
You two enjoy the heck out
of your school-festival date.
Later!
--That's not what this is!
"School Festival"
Hell of a turnout, all right.
Please don't make that face.
They'll think you're a hoodlum
come to collect protection money.
What, at a school festival?
Where'd you learn about that, anyway?
"The Tiger Eats God"
In that game of yours, The Tiger Eats God.
"Kamubuki-cho Ichibandori"
Oh. So that's where.
Hand over the protection money, dumbass!
Let's just get those stamps
and head back home.
Hey--is this...
Great job, Senpai!
But of course!
"Fortunes Told
Occult Study Circle - Fortuneteller Corner"
"Recommended: Tarot, Compatibility, Horoscope, Feng Shui"
This must be what Itsuhito
was talking about.
There's a good-sized line.
I'm a little beat from
running all over the place--
how about we line up here
and rest for a while?
Yeah, sure.
Is there a particular kind
of fortune you want told?
Mmm, not especially.
Yeah, me neither.
We can have them divine tips and
hidden secrets for your latest game!
That stuff's all online.
Now you think of something, Senpai.
Let's see...
I'll ask them to find me
a pet-friendly place
that's near a station
and a convenience store.
That's all online, too!
Right?
Isn't that nice?
--Oho!
--Right?
Are these people looking
at us a lot or what?
They sure are.
And this line...
Next, please!
"Occult Study Circle"
"Compatibility & Romance Fortunes Told!"
"Step Right Up!"
Okay.
I'd heard it was authentic and all...
It's got that real-deal feel.
Oh--Hana!
Oh! You're in the occult club, Ito?
As it turns out, my fortunes
got rave reviews last year,
so I'm back again this year.
Anyway...
You came together.
So that's how it is.
Oh, this is so hard to do with friends...
Please--take a seat.
What are you going to ask
her about, Senpai? Not apartments.
--Apartments?
--Well...
I'll be job-hunting next
year--something along those lines?
Huh?
Um... didn't you know?
Know what?
The occult club only
tells romance fortunes.
--News to me!
I get it now...
That's why the line was all women.
Well, um, er...
Shall we try somewhere else?
Yeah.
Huh?
Sorry, Ito.
Sorry. We'll get out of your way.
What? No!
Now just hold on!
Where'd they all come from?!
It's true: Some guys try
to escape at the last second.
No cold feet allowed.
This is how we do things here.
I'm sorry--we didn't realize
when we came in.
Can we ask for a stamp without
getting a reading? We'll pay you!
What?! Who even are you? No way!
I despise selfish children like you!
Your bodies are grown,
but you're still mentally a child!
Worst of all, you strung along
our most promising newcomer!
Once you're in here,
you will let us tell your fortune!
This is tyranny!
You shut up!
People are waiting--get
your fortune told already!
Go on, Ito! Go ahead and give it to them!
I-It's not that simple.
I haven't even asked
Sakurai his birthday yet.
I'm so sorry. This is the occult club--
the senior members can be
so serious about fortunes.
Let's just have our fortunes told, Senpai.
We're just wasting time if we resist--
and causing problems
for the folks in line.
All right, then...
Whoa...
She said "whoa."
Keep your reactions inaudible,
at the very least.
I'm done.
I can't tell--how did it go?
Well, fortunes are fortunes, after all...
They don't determine individual opinion.
You could say it all depends
on how the couple feels.
What's with the long preface?
Is it that bad?
It's eye-poppingly good!
"Eye-poppingly"?!
This is a little dicey, all right...
It is?
Out of everyone I've seen this past year,
no one's been a more perfect match!
This card indicates
that you two just click!
This one represents mutual trust!
This is a stable future! This one
means you're the perfect couple!
So you really can get
all these cards at once!
Uh-oh. Ito's going full-throttle.
Oh! But...
I heard that you two aren't even dating.
I see...
And you're so compatible, too.
What a waste.
Why aren't you dating?
B-B-B-Beats me!
Usually I only see women.
It's so rare for a couple
to come in together
that I figured you were past
the whole fortunes thing!
I'm sure everyone in line
thought the same thing.
You should just date already!
You're really just
so amazingly compatible!
And then you were asleep
in each others' arms on campus--
Okay, Ito, that's quite enough.
It's overkill!
Chin up...
Tell me: Was that a true reading?
Unscripted?
It was the real thing.
Don't worry--Ito doesn't
really do lip service.
Really. That's good to hear.
Thanks for letting this non-member in.
Happy?
Ecstatic!
Oh, uh... okay.
Well, I'm off to tail those two.
Thanks again! Bye!
Bye! See you at the café!
How was it?
Good enough to nearly knock me
off my feet more than once.
Thank goodness.
Me, I've already collapsed.
Get home and sleep, then.
I can't leave yet. There's so
much post-event clean-up.
How... did I...
I'm not even... on the committee...
Well, good job.
When I first heard about this plan,
I thought it was unnecessary.
"Step 1: Invite Uzaki & Sak to the festival.
Stamp rally (Sakaki): Great prize"
But to be able to see all that...
I can't complain.
"Step 2: Uzaki & Sak come to the festival.
Romance fortune (Asai sneaks in)"
Having their romance fortune told?
Like I'd miss that!
Still, blowing everything on the lead-up
and missing the big show is sad indeed.
Props for putting up a good fight.
Job well done. May you be at peace.
Rats!
I lost them...
Are you calmer now?
Yeah... sorry. I didn't know it
was... that kind of thing.
'Course not. It's fine, really.
Thinking about it now,
I bet that was one of Sakaki's traps.
A little late, if you ask me.
Yeah... I can see that.
Damn...
I can't look at Uzaki's face.
Did that reading open her eyes somehow?
You and me...
What do you think about us
being so compatible?
What kind of question is that?
How should I answer?
Well, uh... it sure beats
being incompatible... right?
Eh, I wouldn't think about it too much.
Fortune-telling is basically
just a game for us girls.
Oh... okay.
How the couple feels, huh?
The grand prize winner!
Yesss!
I should have made her tell
my lottery fortune instead.
It's two days after the fortune-telling;
there are no classes as the
festival booths are coming down.
It's a welcome day off for those
students who didn't run booths,
but Sakurai was still preoccupied.
Man, what's going on?
I'm flat-out exhausted.
I still can't get that out of my head.
It's eye-poppingly good!
And you're so compatible, too.
Why aren't you dating?
If it's up to the couple,
why don't you just butt out?
That wasn't the only thing
bothering Sakurai...
Why was Uzaki making that face?
Well, she doesn't seem too concerned.
Hey, is there any way I can help?
No, not really.
Nabe is just cutting stuff up
and simmering it.
Oh, okay.
Besides, you're not a good
enough cook to help out yet.
I'm actually better off alone.
You can set the table, Senpai.
It's almost ready.
Got it.
Yeah, she's not worried.
She did say fortunes are just a game.
She came here to cook
for me, too... I feel bad.
All right: I'm not going
to fret anymore, either.
Just be your everyday, natural self.
Like Uzaki.
That was not the case.
In contrast to the bewildered Sakurai,
Uzaki was in such high spirits
that even she didn't notice.
Look out! Hot food, comin' through!
It had been about
five years--since high school.
Though she hadn't considered their
compatibility over their long relationship,
it had now received a seal of approval,
which put Uzaki in a fantastic mood.
But her interpretation
differed slightly from Sakurai's.
If we're so compatible,
that must mean
Senpai really needs me around.
Emotional bias!
This variety of cognitive bias
means we prefer--and accept--the
data that's most convenient for us.
Guess I'll keep paying attention to him,
so he doesn't get lonely!
"Emotional bias"
"Cognitive bias"
The fortune brought
happy news for Uzaki...
Let's dig in.
I mean, it makes sense!
I am the only woman
who gives Senpai any attention.
...but biased thoughts fed on
biased data, soon to run amok.
You know, he seemed
pretty aware of it, too.
He was beet red!
And that...
Do you think Senpai likes me?
...is how...
He only has eyes for me!
...this happened:
He can't live without me!
A warped and self-serving conclusion
was born, within Uzaki alone.
Hey, yeah! Me and Senpai!
We can't help it--we're
just so compatible!
Not all of it could necessarily
be chalked up to Uzaki's delusions.
She's smiling more than usual today.
Probably planning
something else infuriating.
Hey, Senpai, Senpai!
Yeah?
Isn't there something you
wanted to say to me? Huh? Huh?
Thanks for cooking for me again.
I'm enjoying it.
No, not that. Isn't there something else?
It's tasty, too, as always.
You really are a great cook.
No, no, no--not that.
Right--the cost of today's ingredients.
I better pay up before I forget.
Oh, come on.
Pass the ponzu.
Still, a partner is a partner.
What's up, Uzaki?
This... moron of a man...
He has a long way to go
before he can tease me.
Why are you so mad all of a sudden?
What is it? Was it something I said?
Tell me! I'll apologize!
That's right--he's an airhead.
C'mon!
Look, just hurry up and eat, would you?!
Jeez, you dummy!
Whoa, watch out! Okay, okay--I'm eating!
I won't ask again.
Sheesh... pretending you don't know.
You really are hopeless, you know that?
Even though I knew he wasn't
the type to suddenly get all greedy...
Guess I'll leave it there for today.
I mean...
It's all up to Senpai's attitude now!
There's gonna be
a lot to think about! Yep!
Choosing the status quo
while mentally celebrating her win:
In the end, Uzaki, too, was a wuss.
Though the fortune
had ruffled their feathers,
the two found serenity once more.
Pass the shichimi.
Here.
That being said, their relationship
had changed in some small way.
"Next Time"
"Episode 4:
Uzaki-chan Wants to Be Number One!"